docs(secret-manager): add tutorial to generate password int-add-secret-manager-generate-password (#1706)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/secret-manager-generate-password/index.mdx

categories:
  - secret-manager
dates:
  validation: 2023-05-24
  posted: 2023-05-24
---

With the Secret Manager, when creating a version of the secret, you can ask to generate a password.

## With the Scaleway CLI

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
- You have an account and have configured the [Scaleway CLI](https://www.scaleway.com/en/cli/)
</Message>

Here are the steps you need to follow to generate a password and store is securely in the Secret Manager:

1. Create the secret by running the following command:
    ```
    scw secret secret create project-id=<your project ID> name=test-password
    ```
    Copy the secret ID that is shown in the output of the command.

2. Generate the password by running the following command:
    ```
    scw secret version generate-password secret-id=<the created secret ID> length=12
    ```

    This will generate a password of length 12 and store it as a new version of the created secret.

3. Get the generated password with the following command:
    ```
    scw secret version access secret-id=<the created secret ID> revision=latest
    ```

    This will print the base64 encoded password.

> ## With the Scaleway go SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Generate a password with the Scaleway GO SDK
```

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

> With the following code, you can create a password and generate a password as a new version of that secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code allows you to create a Scaleway account, a secret and to generate a password as a new version of that secret.
```

Author: This is an example code to create a secret with the SDK and then generate a password as a new version

  - security-identity
dates:
  validation: 2023-05-24
  posted: 2023-05-24
---

Once you have [created a secret](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/how-to/create-secret/) with Scaleway Secret Manager, you can send a request to generate a password for your it. Your password will then be securely stored in Secret Manager.

## Generate a password with the Scaleway CLI

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
- You have a [Scaleway account](/console/my-account/how-to/create-an-account/)
- You have configured the [Scaleway CLI](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli#installation)
</Message>

1. Run the following command to create a secret. Make sure you replace `project-id` with the ID of the Project in which you want to create the secret.
    ```
    scw secret secret create project-id=<your project ID> name=test-password
    ```
    Copy the secret ID that is shown in the output of the command.

2. Run the following command to generate the password for your newly-created secret. Make sure you replace `secret-id` with the ID of your secret.
    ```
    scw secret version generate-password secret-id=<the created secret ID> length=12
    ```

>     This generates a password of 12 characters. Your password is then stored in Secret Manager as a new [version ](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#version) of your secret.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This generates a password of 12 characters. Your password is then stored in Secret Manager as a new [version](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#version) of your secret.
```
